Package: com.ijinshan.kbatterydoctorpro.universal
Name: Battery Doctor Pro
Version: 4.6.1-12
Architecture: iphoneos-arm
Autor: iJinshan
Maintainer: iJinshan, Nico Repo for preservation
Filename: debs/com.ijinshan.kbatterydoctorpro.universal_4.6.1-11_iphoneos-arm.deb
Size: 3061308
MD5sum: 763e14807eac2378cdefe09eb37fc93a
Section: Utilities
Description: All Rights Reserved to ijinshan (Kingsoft / Cheetah Mobile). This package is provided strictly for historical preservation and educational purposes. Battery Doctor Pro (version 4.6.1-12) is a legacy software utility originally developed by ijinshan (Kingsoft / Cheetah Mobile). The software, including all binary code, user interface assets, trademarks, and logic, remains the exclusive property of ijinshan (Kingsoft / Cheetah Mobile). This is proprietary, closed-source software. No rights to the source code are granted, and no reverse engineering, modification, or commercial exploitation is authorized by this preservation effort within Nico Repo. This repository functions solely as a digital archive to prevent the loss of historical software tools. No revenue is generated, and this project does not claim any ownership over the distributed binary. We acknowledge and honor the original developers at ijinshan (Kingsoft / Cheetah Mobile) for their contribution to mobile resource management. This archive ensures that their work remains accessible for academic study and hardware restoration.If you are the legitimate copyright holder and wish for this tweak to be removed from Nico Repo, please contact me immediately at bolillomx@icloud.com and I will take it down as soon as possible.

Package: com.ixmoe.1pwn.veteris
Name: Veteris
Version: 2.1.1-1
Architecture: iphoneos-arm
Maintainer: Electimon, Nico Repo for preservation
Autor: bagxml, telgamon, justus61, hackulous/kjc, plantiniumstuff, mikhail churakov, and justus61
Depends: moe.yzu.veterishelper, mobilesubstrate
Depends: mobilesubstrate
Filename: debs/com.ixmoe.1pwn.veteris_2.1.1_iphoneos-arm.deb
Size: 1950196
MD5sum: 72c210cda9263f6ba3d60ed5e9f36a4a
Section: Applications
Description: All Rights Reserved to electimon, bagxml, telgamon, justus61, hackulous/kjc, plantiniumstuff, mikhail churakov, and justus61. This package is provided for historical preservation, educational purposes, and community utility. Veteris is an AppStore client designed to restore functionality to legacy iOS devices. This software is distributed under the terms of the MIT License (2011-2018). You are free to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the software, provided that the original copyright notice and permission notice are included in all copies or substantial portions of the software. This software incorporates the RSA Data Security, Inc. MD5 Message-Digest Algorithm. All derivative works are identified as such, in compliance with RSA requirements. The software is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind. Use of this tweak is at the user's own risk; the creator of Nico Repo and the original developers are not responsible for any damage to the iDevice or loss of data. Nico Repo acts as a digital archive to ensure that users of legacy hardware retain access to these tools. We acknowledge and honor all original contributors for their work, and full credit is given to the original authors and repositories.If you are the legitimate copyright holder and wish for this tweak to be removed from Nico Repo, please contact me immediately at bolillomx@icloud.com and I will take it down as soon as possible.

Package: com.mathieubolard.killbackground
Name: Killbackground
Version: 1.3.1-8
Architecture: iphoneos-arm
Maintainer: Mathieu Bolard, Nico Repo for preservation
Autor: Mathieu Bolard
Filename: debs/com.mathieubolard.killbackground_1.3.1-7_iphoneos-arm.deb
Size: 71286
MD5sum: c55f0d236e655596e15d79169ec48638
Section: Utilities
Description: All Rights Reserved to Mathieu Bolard (mattlawer). This package is provided for historical preservation, educational purposes, and community utility. KillBackground is a utility originally distributed via the BigBoss repository, designed to allow users to close all background applications from the App Switcher on legacy iOS devices. This software is distributed as an open-source project by its original creator. You are free to use, copy, and distribute this software, provided that the original copyright notice and credit to Mathieu Bolard (mattlawer) are maintained. The software is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind. Use of this tweak is at the user's own risk; the creator of Nico Repo and the original developer are not responsible for any damage to the iDevice or loss of data. Nico Repo acts as a digital archive to ensure that users of legacy hardware retain access to these tools. We acknowledge and honor Mathieu Bolard for his contribution to the iOS jailbreak community via the BigBoss repository.If you are the legitimate copyright holder and wish for this tweak to be removed from Nico Repo, please contact me immediately at bolillomx@icloud.com and I will take it down as soon as possible.

Package: com.phoenix.nospot
Name: NotSpot
Version: 0.7
Architecture: iphoneos-arm
Maintainer: Phoenix, The Mirage, Nico Repo for preservation
Autor: The Mirage, Phoenix
Filename: debs/com.phoenix.nospot_0.6_iphoneos-arm.deb
Size: 2292
MD5sum: 520479373d8e9464d7c30da36697e836
Section: Utilities
Description: All Rights Reserved to The Mirage (The_M1rage) & Phoenix. This package is provided for historical preservation, educational purposes, and community utility. NotSpot is a utility originally distributed via the BigBoss repository, designed to remove or hide the Spotlight search interface on legacy iOS devices. This software is proprietary and closed-source. The software, including all binary code, user interface assets, and logic, remains the exclusive property of The Mirage (The_M1rage). No rights to the source code are granted, and no reverse engineering, modification, or commercial exploitation is authorized by this preservation effort within Nico Repo. This repository functions solely as a digital archive to prevent the loss of historical software tools. No revenue is generated, and this project does not claim any ownership over the distributed binary. We acknowledge and honor the original developer, The Mirage (The_M1rage), for his contribution to the iOS jailbreak community via the BigBoss repository.If you are the legitimate copyright holder and wish for this tweak to be removed from Nico Repo, please contact me immediately at bolillomx@icloud.com and I will take it down as soon as possible.

Package: com.r333d.cylinder
Name: Cylinder
Version: 1.2
Architecture: iphoneos-arm
Maintainer: r333d
Autor: r333d, Reed Schimmel
Filename: debs/com.r333d.cylinder_1.1_iphoneos-arm.deb
Size: 504118
MD5sum: dfe7a221fee7f14d1384d2fe88d9b2ca
Section: Utilities
Description: All Rights Reserved to Reed Schimmel(r333d). This package is provided for historical preservation, educational purposes, and community utility. Cylinder is a utility originally distributed via the BigBoss repository, designed to allow users to customize their SpringBoard page transitions with various 3D animations on legacy iOS devices. This software is proprietary and closed-source. The software, including all binary code, user interface assets, and logic, remains the exclusive property of Reed Schimmel. No rights to the source code are granted, and no reverse engineering, modification, or commercial exploitation is authorized by this preservation effort within Nico Repo. This repository functions solely as a digital archive to prevent the loss of historical software tools. No revenue is generated, and this project does not claim any ownership over the distributed binary. We acknowledge and honor the original developer, Reed Schimmel, for his contribution to the iOS jailbreak community via the BigBoss repository.If you are the legitimate copyright holder and wish for this tweak to be removed from Nico Repo, please contact me immediately at bolillomx@icloud.com and I will take it down as soon as possible.

Package: com.skyglow.itunesstorex
Name: iTunesStoreX
Version: 3.2
Architecture: iphoneos-arm
Maintainer: Skyglow, ObscureMosquito, Nico Repo for preservation
Autor: Skyglow, ObscureMosquito 
Filename: debs/com.skyglow.itunesstorex_3.2_iphoneos-arm.deb
Size: 115508
MD5sum: fa8fe44c49c55107866972e653a9c72c
Section: Addons
Description: All Rights Reserved to ObscureMosquito. This package is provided for historical preservation, educational purposes, and community utility. iTunesStore X is a utility originally distributed via the Skyglow repository, designed to restore functionality to the iTunes and App Store interfaces on legacy iOS devices by fixing connection issues with outdated storefront domains. This software is distributed as an open-source project under the GPL-3.0 license. You are free to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software, provided that the original copyright notice and credit to the original author, ObscureMosquito, are maintained. The software is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind. Use of this tweak is at the user's own risk; the creator of Nico Repo and the original developer are not responsible for any damage to the iDevice or loss of data. Nico Repo acts as a digital archive to ensure that users of legacy hardware retain access to these tools. We acknowledge and honor ObscureMosquito for his contribution to the iOS jailbreak community via the Skyglow repository.If you are the legitimate copyright holder and wish for this tweak to be removed from Nico Repo, please contact me immediately at bolillomx@icloud.com and I will take it down as soon as possible.

Package: com.skyglow.mapsx
Name: MapsX
Version: 3.2.1
Architecture: iphoneos-arm
Maintainer: Skyglow, ObscureMosquito, Nico Repo for preservation
Autor: Skyglow, ObscureMosquito 
Filename: debs/com.skyglow.mapsx_3.2.1_iphoneos-arm.deb
Size: 155448
MD5sum: 15778d379630792fd1a61be933501c4d
Section: Addons
Description: All Rights Reserved to ObscureMosquito. This package is provided for historical preservation, educational purposes, and community utility. MapsX is a utility originally distributed via the Skyglow repository, designed to restore functionality to Apple Maps and system-wide MapKit views on legacy iOS devices by redirecting requests to modern, operational servers. This software is proprietary and closed-source. The software, including all binary code, user interface assets, and logic, remains the exclusive property of ObscureMosquito. No rights to the source code are granted, and no reverse engineering, modification, or commercial exploitation is authorized by this preservation effort within Nico Repo. This repository functions solely as a digital archive to prevent the loss of historical software tools. No revenue is generated, and this project does not claim any ownership over the distributed binary. We acknowledge and honor the original developer, ObscureMosquito, for his significant contribution to the iOS jailbreak community via the Skyglow repository.If you are the legitimate copyright holder and wish for this tweak to be removed from Nico Repo, please contact me immediately at bolillomx@icloud.com and I will take it down as soon as possible.

Package: com.skyglow.stocksx
Name: StocksX
Version: 2.4
Architecture: iphoneos-arm
Maintainer: Skyglow, ObscureMosquito, Nico Repo for preservation
Autor: Skyglow, ObscureMosquito
Filename: debs/com.skyglow.stocksx_2.4_iphoneos-arm.deb
Size: 18258
MD5sum: 2d1a3cf09f0241e2382c86b2e6a91d16
Section: Addons
Description: All Rights Reserved to ObscureMosquito. This package is provided for historical preservation, educational purposes, and community utility. StocksX is a utility originally distributed via the Skyglow repository, designed to restore functionality to the native Stocks application on legacy iOS devices by redirecting data requests to functional, modern APIs. This software is proprietary and closed-source. The software, including all binary code, user interface assets, and logic, remains the exclusive property of ObscureMosquito. No rights to the source code are granted, and no reverse engineering, modification, or commercial exploitation is authorized by this preservation effort within Nico Repo. This repository functions solely as a digital archive to prevent the loss of historical software tools. No revenue is generated, and this project does not claim any ownership over the distributed binary. We acknowledge and honor the original developer, ObscureMosquito, for his significant contribution to the iOS jailbreak community via the Skyglow repository.If you are the legitimate copyright holder and wish for this tweak to be removed from Nico Repo, please contact me immediately at bolillomx@icloud.com and I will take it down as soon as possible.

Package: com.skyglow.weatherx
Name: WeatherX
Version: 3.4
Architecture: iphoneos-arm
Maintainer: Skyglow, ObscureMosquito, Nico Repo for preservation
Autor: Skyglow, ObscureMosquito
Filename: debs/com.skyglow.weatherx_3.4_iphoneos-arm.deb
Size: 85034
MD5sum: de79ecdd82bffd2f727a96d3d72ded2f
Section: Addons
Description: All Rights Reserved to ObscureMosquito. This package is provided for historical preservation, educational purposes, and community utility. Weather X is a utility originally distributed via the Skyglow repository, designed to restore functionality to the native Weather application and widgets on legacy iOS devices by redirecting requests to functional, modern weather data APIs. This software is proprietary and closed-source. The software, including all binary code, user interface assets, and logic, remains the exclusive property of ObscureMosquito. No rights to the source code are granted, and no reverse engineering, modification, or commercial exploitation is authorized by this preservation effort within Nico Repo. This repository functions solely as a digital archive to prevent the loss of historical software tools. No revenue is generated, and this project does not claim any ownership over the distributed binary. We acknowledge and honor the original developer, ObscureMosquito, for his significant contribution to the iOS jailbreak community via the Skyglow repository.If you are the legitimate copyright holder and wish for this tweak to be removed from Nico Repo, please contact me immediately at bolillomx@icloud.com and I will take it down as soon as possible.

Package: eu.heinelt.ifile
Name: iFile
Version: 2.2.0-2
Architecture: iphoneos-arm
Maintainer: Carsten Heinelt, Nico Repo for preservation
Autor: Carsten Heinelt
Filename: debs/eu.heinelt.ifile_2.2.0-1_iphoneos-arm.deb
Size: 9735562
MD5sum: 4528c52a61bd00514f3b081b391eab3f
Section: Utilities
Description: All Rights Reserved to Carsten Heinelt (FineTouch). This package is provided for historical preservation and educational purposes. iFile is a file manager utility originally distributed via the BigBoss repository, designed to provide comprehensive file system access and management for legacy iOS devices. This software is proprietary and closed-source. The software, including all binary code, user interface assets, and logic, remains the exclusive property of Carsten Heinelt (FineTouch). No rights to the source code are granted, and no reverse engineering, modification, or commercial exploitation is authorized by this preservation effort within Nico Repo. This repository functions solely as a digital archive to prevent the loss of historical software tools. No revenue is generated, and this project does not claim any ownership over the distributed binary. We acknowledge and honor the original developer, Carsten Heinelt, for his foundational contribution to the iOS jailbreak ecosystem via the BigBoss repository.If you are the legitimate copyright holder and wish for this tweak to be removed from Nico Repo, please contact me immediately at bolillomx@icloud.com and I will take it down as soon as possible.

Package: gawk
Name: gawk
Version: 3.1.6-3
Architecture: iphoneos-arm
Maintainer: Jay Freeman (saurik), Nico Repo for preservation
Autor: Jay Freeman (saurik)
Filename: debs/gawk_3.1.6-2p_iphoneos-arm.deb
Size: 831308
MD5sum: d64d7414e1ec5a065536d5e5430681e2
Section: Utilities
Description: All Rights Reserved to The Free Software Foundation (FSF). This package is provided for historical preservation, educational purposes, and community utility. gawk (GNU AWK) is the GNU Project's implementation of the AWK programming language, originally distributed as a core Unix utility. It is a powerful text-processing tool essential for scripting and system administration tasks on Unix-like operating systems, including iOS. This software is distributed as free and open-source software (FOSS) under the terms of the GNU General Public License (GPL). You are free to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software, provided that the terms of the GPL are respected. This software is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind. Use of this tool is at the user's own risk; the creator of Nico Repo and the Free Software Foundation are not responsible for any damage to the iDevice or loss of data. Nico Repo acts as a digital archive to ensure that users of legacy hardware retain access to these foundational tools. We acknowledge and honor the Free Software Foundation and the global open-source community for their fundamental contribution to the evolution of computing.If you are the legitimate copyright holder and wish for this utility to be removed from Nico Repo, please contact me immediately at bolillomx@icloud.com and I will take it down as soon as possible.

Package: org.thebigboss.carrierlogoszeppelin
Name: Zeppelllin
Version: 2.1
Architecture: iphoneos-arm
Maintainer: BigBoss, Alex Zielenski, Nico Repo for preservation
Autor: BigBoss, Alex Zielenski
Filename: debs/org.thebigboss.carrierlogoszeppelin_2.0_iphoneos-arm.deb
Size: 386704
MD5sum: 011c0a75d10ad7a9ea46d502a6e63db7
Section: Themes
Description: All Rights Reserved to Alex Zielenski. This package is provided for historical preservation, educational purposes, and community utility. Zeppelin is a utility originally distributed via the ModMyi repository, designed to allow users to replace the carrier text in the status bar with custom logos or icons on legacy iOS devices. This software is proprietary and closed-source. The software, including all binary code, user interface assets, and logic, remains the exclusive property of Alex Zielenski. No rights to the source code are granted, and no reverse engineering, modification, or commercial exploitation is authorized by this preservation effort within Nico Repo. This repository functions solely as a digital archive to prevent the loss of historical software tools. No revenue is generated, and this project does not claim any ownership over the distributed binary. We acknowledge and honor the original developer, Alex Zielenski, for his significant contribution to the iOS jailbreak community via the ModMyi repository.If you are the legitimate copyright holder and wish for this tweak to be removed from Nico Repo, please contact me immediately at bolillomx@icloud.com and I will take it down as soon as possible.

Package: siriport.ru.siri.ios6.1.x
Name: Siri
Version: 1.0
Architecture: iphoneos-arm
Maintainer: SiriPort.ru, Nico Repo for preservation
Autor: SiriPort.ru
Filename: debs/siriport.ru.siri.ios6.1.x_1.0_iphoneos-arm.deb
Size: 17160542
MD5sum: e08671e8103dc92fac706ec9a87be658
Section: Siri
Description: All Rights Reserved to the SiriPort.ru Development Team. This package is provided for historical preservation, educational purposes, and community utility. Siri Port (iOS) is a utility originally distributed via the SiriPort.ru repository, designed to enable Siri functionality on non-supported legacy iOS devices by redirecting requests to custom proxy servers. This software is proprietary and closed-source. The software, including all binary code, user interface assets, and logic, remains the exclusive property of the SiriPort.ru developers. No rights to the source code are granted, and no reverse engineering, modification, or commercial exploitation is authorized by this preservation effort within Nico Repo. This repository functions solely as a digital archive to prevent the loss of historical software tools. No revenue is generated, and this project does not claim any ownership over the distributed binary. We acknowledge and honor the development team for their significant contribution to the iOS jailbreak community via the SiriPort.ru repository.If you are the legitimate copyright holder and wish for this tweak to be removed from Nico Repo, please contact me immediately at bolillomx@icloud.com and I will take it down as soon as possible.

Package: ultrasn0w
Name: UltraSn0w
Version: 1.2.8
Architecture: iphoneos-arm
Maintainer: iPhone Dev-Team, Nico Repo for preservation
Autor: iPhone Dev-Team
Filename: debs/ultrasn0w_1.2.8_iphoneos-arm.deb
Size: 13724
MD5sum: 84ccdcb9bf66049981f1de3fdfa8061d
Section: Utilities
Description: Software unlock for older basebands.All Rights Reserved to the iPhone Dev Team. This package is provided for historical preservation, educational purposes, and community utility. Ultrasn0w is a utility originally distributed via the UltraSn0w repository and BigBoss, designed to unlock the baseband of legacy GSM iPhones, allowing them to be used on carriers other than those originally specified by Apple. This software is proprietary and closed-source. The software, including all binary code, user interface assets, and logic, remains the exclusive property of the iPhone Dev Team. No rights to the source code are granted, and no reverse engineering, modification, or commercial exploitation is authorized by this preservation effort within Nico Repo. This repository functions solely as a digital archive to prevent the loss of historical software tools. No revenue is generated, and this project does not claim any ownership over the distributed binary. We acknowledge and honor the iPhone Dev Team for their foundational contribution to the iOS jailbreak community.If you are the legitimate copyright holder and wish for this tweak to be removed from Nico Repo, please contact me immediately at bolillomx@icloud.com and I will take it down as soon as possible.

Package: winterboard
Name: Winterboard
Version: 0.9.3-9
Architecture: iphoneos-arm
Maintainer: Jay Freeman (saurik), Nico Repo for preservation
Autor: Jay Freeman (saurik)
Filename: debs/winterboard_0.9.3919_iphoneos-arm.deb
Size: 170066
MD5sum: 75f727e51968b039c3af244f52f6ba18
Section: Utilities
Description: The classic theme engine for iOS.All Rights Reserved to Jay Freeman (saurik). This package is provided for historical preservation, educational purposes, and community utility. WinterBoard is a utility originally distributed via the Cydia/Saurik repository, designed to enable comprehensive theme application and visual customization on legacy iOS devices. This software is proprietary and closed-source. The software, including all binary code, user interface assets, and logic, remains the exclusive property of Jay Freeman (saurik). No rights to the source code are granted, and no reverse engineering, modification, or commercial exploitation is authorized by this preservation effort within Nico Repo. This repository functions solely as a digital archive to prevent the loss of historical software tools. No revenue is generated, and this project does not claim any ownership over the distributed binary. We acknowledge and honor the original developer, Jay Freeman (saurik), for his foundational contribution to the iOS jailbreak community via the Cydia repository.If you are the legitimate copyright holder and wish for this tweak to be removed from Nico Repo, please contact me immediately at bolillomx@icloud.com and I will take it down as soon as possible.

Package: bag.xml.tuberepair
Name: TubeRepair
Version: 1.2-Beta-1
Architecture: iphoneos-arm
Maintainer: bagxml, Nico Repo for preservation
Autor: BagXML
Filename: debs/bag.xml.tuberepair_1.2-Beta-1_iphoneos-arm.deb
Size: 100066
MD5sum: 284b8442129f000190bf08aaafb15433
Section: Addons
Description: All Rights Reserved to BagXML. This package is provided for historical preservation, educational purposes, and community utility. TubeRepair is a utility originally distributed via the BagXML repository, designed to restore functionality to the native YouTube application on legacy iOS devices by redirecting API requests to modern, operational endpoints. This software is proprietary and closed-source. The software, including all binary code, user interface assets, and logic, remains the exclusive property of BagXML. No rights to the source code are granted, and no reverse engineering, modification, or commercial exploitation is authorized by this preservation effort within Nico Repo. This repository functions solely as a digital archive to prevent the loss of historical software tools. No revenue is generated, and this project does not claim any ownership over the distributed binary. We acknowledge and honor the original developer, BagXML, for his significant contribution to the iOS jailbreak community via the BagXML repository.If you are the legitimate copyright holder and wish for this tweak to be removed from Nico Repo, please contact me immediately at bolillomx@icloud.com and I will take it down as soon as possible.

Package: com.aoi.storefix
Name: Store Fix
Version: 1.0-7
Architecture: iphoneos-arm
Maintainer: aoiblog, Nico Repo for preservation
Autor: aoiblog
Filename: debs/com.aoi.storefix_1.0-7_iphoneos-arm.deb
Size: 880
MD5sum: 0a8524cc3b392539091f5c08a969b332
Section: Addons
Description: Necessary fixes for legacy App Store connections.All Rights Reserved to aoiblog. This package is provided for historical preservation, educational purposes, and community utility. AppStore Fix is a utility originally distributed via the aoiblog repository, designed to restore functionality to the native App Store application on legacy iOS devices by redirecting requests to functional, modern APIs. This software is proprietary and closed-source. The software, including all binary code, user interface assets, and logic, remains the exclusive property of aoiblog. No rights to the source code are granted, and no reverse engineering, modification, or commercial exploitation is authorized by this preservation effort within Nico Repo. This repository functions solely as a digital archive to prevent the loss of historical software tools. No revenue is generated, and this project does not claim any ownership over the distributed binary. We acknowledge and honor the original developer, aoiblog, for his significant contribution to the iOS jailbreak community via the aoiblog repository.If you are the legitimate copyright holder and wish for this tweak to be removed from Nico Repo, please contact me immediately at bolillomx@icloud.com and I will take it down as soon as possible.

Package: com.chpwn.iphone.cydia.hooks-law
Name: Hooks Law
Version: 1.0.1-1
Architecture: iphoneos-arm
Maintainer: chpwn, Jay Freeman(saurik), Nico Repo for preservation
Autor: chpwn, Jay Freeman(saurik)
Filename: debs/com.chpwn.iphone.cydia.hooks-law_1.0.1-1_iphoneos-arm.deb
Size: 15416
MD5sum: 07cea259d531ebdfa877e6f63b1ce763
Section: Utilities
Description: Removes the delay when opening apps for a faster feel.All Rights Reserved to the respective original authors of hooking frameworks (notably Jay Freeman/saurik for MobileSubstrate/Substitute). This documentation is provided for historical preservation, educational purposes, and technical clarity. Hooking is a fundamental software engineering technique used to intercept and modify function calls within a system or application at runtime. In the context of the iOS jailbreak ecosystem, this mechanism is the core logical bridge that allows all third-party tweaks, patches, and interface modifications to interact with and alter the native behavior of the iOS operating system. This software logic remains the intellectual property of the original framework developers. No rights to the source code are granted, and no reverse engineering, modification, or commercial exploitation is authorized by this preservation effort within Nico Repo. This repository functions solely as a digital archive to ensure the preservation of the technical knowledge and tools that maintain the functionality of legacy hardware. We acknowledge and honor the foundational developers of these frameworks for their essential contribution to the iOS jailbreak ecosystem.If there is any concern regarding the documentation or inclusion of these technical methodologies within Nico Repo, please contact me immediately at bolillomx@icloud.com and I will address it as soon as possible.

Package: com.nablac0d3.sslkillswitch2
Name: SSLKillSwitch2
Version: 0.14-3
Architecture: iphoneos-arm
Maintainer: nablac0d3, Nico Repo for preservation
Autor: nablac0d3
Filename: debs/com.nablac0d3.sslkillswitch2_0.14-3+debug_iphoneos-arm.deb
Size: 8278
MD5sum: 1b81d9ae31d1877e9d4ca0dcfcb26546
Section: Tweaks
Description: Blackbox tool to disable SSL certificate validation.All Rights Reserved to Alban Diquet (nabla-c0d3). This package is provided for historical preservation, educational purposes, and community utility. SSL KillSwitch 2 is a utility originally distributed via the GitHub repository of Alban Diquet, designed to disable SSL certificate validation (including certificate pinning) on iOS devices. This tool is a critical component for security research and penetration testing, allowing the inspection of encrypted application traffic. This software is released under the BSD 3-Clause License, allowing for use, modification, and redistribution under specific conditions. While the source code is public and open, the resulting binary package is provided here for archival and research purposes. The creator of Nico Repo does not claim ownership over the software and holds no responsibility for any security breaches or misuse resulting from its deployment. We acknowledge and honor Alban Diquet for his significant contribution to the iOS security research community.If you are the legitimate copyright holder and wish for this utility to be removed from Nico Repo, please contact me immediately at bolillomx@icloud.com and I will take it down as soon as possible.

Package: com.rpetrich.emphasize
Name: Emphasize
Version: 0.2.1
Architecture: iphoneos-arm
Maintainer: rpetrich, Nico Repo for preservation
Autor: rpetrich
Filename: debs/com.rpetrich.emphasize_0.2.1_iphoneos-arm.deb
Size: 6896
MD5sum: 025aa39a314b7cefa742f686c3f5f3b7
Section: Tweaks
Description: Choose a custom tint color for all of iOS.All Rights Reserved to Ryan Petrich (rpetrich). This package is provided for historical preservation, educational purposes, and community utility. Emphasize is a utility originally distributed via the BigBoss repository, designed to allow users to apply custom color tints and visual emphasis effects to various interface elements throughout the iOS system. This software is proprietary and closed-source. The software, including all binary code, user interface assets, and logic, remains the exclusive property of Ryan Petrich. No rights to the source code are granted, and no reverse engineering, modification, or commercial exploitation is authorized by this preservation effort within Nico Repo. This repository functions solely as a digital archive to prevent the loss of historical software tools. No revenue is generated, and this project does not claim any ownership over the distributed binary. We acknowledge and honor the original developer, Ryan Petrich, for his significant contribution to the iOS jailbreak community via the BigBoss repository.If you are the legitimate copyright holder and wish for this tweak to be removed from Nico Repo, please contact me immediately at bolillomx@icloud.com and I will take it down as soon as possible.

Package: com.vsz.redeb
Name: redeb
Version: 1.0.3
Architecture: iphoneos-arm
Maintainer: vsz, Jay Freeman(saurik), Nico Repo for preservation
Autor: vsz, Jay Freeman(saurik)
Filename: debs/com.vsz.redeb_1.0.3_iphoneos-arm.deb
Size: 3558
MD5sum: 0d5d54f4a0546c4a659a0a91605a594c
Section: Terminal_Support
Description: Repackage any installed package into a .deb file.All Rights Reserved to the original developer (often associated with the jailbreak community, notably linked to the Cydia/Saurik ecosystem). This package is provided for historical preservation, educational purposes, and community utility. redeb is a command-line utility designed to extract and package installed jailbreak tweaks from a device into a standard Debian (.deb) format. This tool is essential for archiving and migrating tweaks that are no longer available in official repositories. This software is provided for the purpose of maintaining access to legacy software tools. The software remains the exclusive property of its original developers. No rights to the source code are granted, and no reverse engineering, modification, or commercial exploitation is authorized by this preservation effort within Nico Repo. This repository functions solely as a digital archive to prevent the loss of historical software tools. No revenue is generated, and this project does not claim any ownership over the distributed binary. We acknowledge and honor the developer for this essential tool for jailbreak preservation.If you are the legitimate copyright holder and wish for this utility to be removed from Nico Repo, please contact me immediately at bolillomx@icloud.com and I will take it down as soon as possible.

Package: net.angelxwind.appsyncunified
Name: AppSync Unified
Version: 84.0
Architecture: iphoneos-arm
Maintainer: Karen/あけみ, Nico Repo for preservation
Autor: Karen/あけみ
Filename: debs/net.angelxwind.appsyncunified_84.0_iphoneos-arm.deb
Size: 43176
MD5sum: b1cf35c5824ecef084e9215702c5366f
Section: Tweaks
Description: Install unsigned, ad-hoc, or fake-signed IPA packages.All Rights Reserved to Karen Tsai (AngelXWind). This package is provided for historical preservation, educational purposes, and community utility. AppSync Unified is a utility originally distributed via the Karen's Pineapple repository, designed to allow the installation of unsigned, ad-hoc, and development-signed IPA packages on iOS devices. This software is proprietary and closed-source. The software, including all binary code, user interface assets, and logic, remains the exclusive property of Karen Tsai. No rights to the source code are granted, and no reverse engineering, modification, or commercial exploitation is authorized by this preservation effort within Nico Repo. This repository functions solely as a digital archive to prevent the loss of historical software tools. No revenue is generated, and this project does not claim any ownership over the distributed binary. We acknowledge and honor the original developer, Karen Tsai (AngelXWind), for her significant contribution to the iOS jailbreak community via her repository.If you are the legitimate copyright holder and wish for this utility to be removed from Nico Repo, please contact me immediately at bolillomx@icloud.com and I will take it down as soon as possible.

Package: net.nekokawa.appstorefix
Name: AppStore Fix
Version: 0.3.5-4
Architecture: iphoneos-arm
Maintainer: nekokawa, Nico Repo for preservation
Autor: nekokawa
Filename: debs/net.nekokawa.appstorefix_0.3.5-4+debug_iphoneos-arm.deb
Size: 130516
MD5sum: 22ce84cd1dbdc83d1a672ac177c58910
Section: Addons
Description: Restores App Store functionality on old devices.All Rights Reserved to nekokawa. This package is provided for historical preservation, educational purposes, and community utility. AppStore Fix is a utility originally distributed via the nekokawa repository, designed to restore functionality to the native App Store application on legacy iOS devices by redirecting requests to functional, modern APIs. This software is proprietary and closed-source. The software, including all binary code, user interface assets, and logic, remains the exclusive property of nekokawa. No rights to the source code are granted, and no reverse engineering, modification, or commercial exploitation is authorized by this preservation effort within Nico Repo. This repository functions solely as a digital archive to prevent the loss of historical software tools. No revenue is generated, and this project does not claim any ownership over the distributed binary. We acknowledge and honor the original developer, nekokawa, for his significant contribution to the iOS jailbreak community via the nekokawa repository.If you are the legitimate copyright holder and wish for this tweak to be removed from Nico Repo, please contact me immediately at bolillomx@icloud.com and I will take it down as soon as possible.

Package: openssh
Name: OpenSSH
Version: 6.7p1-13
Architecture: iphoneos-arm
Maintainer: Jay Freeman (saurik)
Filename: debs/openssh_6.7p1-13_iphoneos-arm.deb
Size: 2374376
MD5sum: 5d702be7bb688a92446262e38263cea0
Section: Administration
Description: Secure shell server and client for remote access.

Package: openssl
Name: OpenSSL
Version: 0.9.8zg-13
Architecture: iphoneos-arm
Maintainer: Jay Freeman (saurik)
Filename: debs/openssl_0.9.8zg-13_iphoneos-arm.deb
Size: 2601696
MD5sum: 1ef304b3e1dac95c32bafb48efb2ce81
Section: Development
Description: Implementation of the SSL and TLS protocols.

Package: com.ericasadun.utilities
Name: Erica utilities
Version: 1.1
Architecture: iphoneos-arm
Maintainer: Erica Sadun, Nico Repo for preservation
Autor: Erica Sadun
Depends: firmware (>= 3.0)
Filename: debs/com.ericasadun.utilities_1.1_iphoneos-arm.deb
Size: 55390
MD5sum: 5eb7a16e0c4896e6a81e317e931d1ed2
Section: Utilities
Description: Standard command line utilities (plutil, etc) required for advanced tweaks.All Rights Reserved to Erica Sadun. This package is provided for historical preservation, educational purposes, and community utility. Erica Utilities is a collection of command-line tools and foundational software libraries originally distributed via Erica Sadun’s personal repository, designed to assist developers and power users in system management and application development on legacy iOS devices. This software is proprietary and closed-source. The software, including all binary code and underlying logic, remains the exclusive property of Erica Sadun. No rights to the source code are granted, and no reverse engineering, modification, or commercial exploitation is authorized by this preservation effort within Nico Repo. This repository functions solely as a digital archive to prevent the loss of historical software tools. No revenue is generated, and this project does not claim any ownership over the distributed binary. We acknowledge and honor the original developer, Erica Sadun, for her foundational contributions to the iOS developer community.If you are the legitimate copyright holder and wish for this utility to be removed from Nico Repo, please contact me immediately at bolillomx@icloud.com and I will take it down as soon as possible.

Package: moe.yzu.veterishelper
Name: Veteris Helper
Version: 1.0.0-53+debug
Architecture: iphoneos-arm
Maintainer: Electimon, Nico Repo for preservation
Autor: Electimon
Depends: mobilesubstrate
Filename: debs/moe.yzu.veterishelper_1.0.0-53+debug_iphoneos-arm.deb
Size: 9744
MD5sum: c4a8f9f2ecd360d51e72589ed1360c71
Section: Utilities
Description: Essential helper for Veteris to function correctly.All Rights Reserved to Yzu (moe.yzu). This package is provided for historical preservation, educational purposes, and community utility. VeterisHelper is a utility originally distributed via the Yzu repository, designed to assist the Veteris application in managing network connectivity and resource retrieval for legacy iOS devices. This software is proprietary and closed-source. The software, including all binary code, user interface assets, and logic, remains the exclusive property of Yzu. No rights to the source code are granted, and no reverse engineering, modification, or commercial exploitation is authorized by this preservation effort within Nico Repo. This repository functions solely as a digital archive to prevent the loss of historical software tools. No revenue is generated, and this project does not claim any ownership over the distributed binary. We acknowledge and honor the original developer, Yzu, for his significant contribution to the iOS jailbreak community via the Yzu repository.If you are the legitimate copyright holder and wish for this utility to be removed from Nico Repo, please contact me immediately at bolillomx@icloud.com and I will take it down as soon as possible.

Package: uk.invoxiplaygames.checkmatestore
Name: CheckmateStore
Version: 1.2
Architecture: iphoneos-arm
Maintainer: Karen/invoxiplaygames, Nico Repo for preservation
Autor: Karen/invoxiplaygames
Depends: firmware (>= 3.0)
Filename: debs/uk.invoxiplaygames.checkmatestore_1.2_iphoneos-arm.deb
Size: 8420
MD5sum: 963f5a24cabc1631001ae188ef870c4d
Section: Utilities
Description: Fixes App Store "Unable to Purchase" errors on iOS 3.1.3 - 6.1.6.All Rights Reserved to InvoxiPlayGames. This package is provided for historical preservation, educational purposes, and community utility. Checkmate, Store! is a utility originally distributed via the InvoxiPlayGames repository, designed to disable App Store compatibility checks on legacy iOS devices. By modifying the store's response, it enables the installation of compatible older versions of applications that would otherwise be blocked. This software is proprietary and closed-source. The software, including all binary code, user interface assets, and logic, remains the exclusive property of InvoxiPlayGames. No rights to the source code are granted, and no reverse engineering, modification, or commercial exploitation is authorized by this preservation effort within Nico Repo. This repository functions solely as a digital archive to prevent the loss of historical software tools. No revenue is generated, and this project does not claim any ownership over the distributed binary. We acknowledge and honor the original developer, InvoxiPlayGames, for his significant contribution to the iOS jailbreak community.If you are the legitimate copyright holder and wish for this utility to be removed from Nico Repo, please contact me immediately at bolillomx@icloud.com and I will take it down as soon as possible.

Package: com.hackyouriphone.infinidock
Name: infiniDock
Version: 2.1.2-1
Architecture: iphoneos-arm
Maintainer: HackYouriPhone, chpwn, Nico Repo for preservation
Autor: HackYouriPhone, chpwn
Depends: mobilesubstrate, preferenceloader, com.chpwn.iconsupport, coreutils, firmware (>= 3.0)
Depends: mobilesubstrate, preferenceloader
Filename: debs/com.hackyouriphone.infinidock_2.1.2-1_iphoneos-arm.deb
Size: 62848
MD5sum: bc60b5fb1797791cfe261e6eaa2da08a
Section: Utilities
Description: Scroll your dock with as many icons as you want!All Rights Reserved to chpwn. This package is provided for historical preservation, educational purposes, and community utility. InfiniDock is a utility originally distributed via the BigBoss repository, designed to enable scrollable and unlimited icon placement within the iOS Dock. This software is proprietary and closed-source. The software, including all binary code, user interface assets, and logic, remains the exclusive property of chpwn. No rights to the source code are granted, and no reverse engineering, modification, or commercial exploitation is authorized by this preservation effort within Nico Repo. This repository functions solely as a digital archive to prevent the loss of historical software tools. No revenue is generated, and this project does not claim any ownership over the distributed binary. We acknowledge and honor the original developer, chpwn, for his significant contribution to the iOS jailbreak community via the BigBoss repository.If you are the legitimate copyright holder and wish for this utility to be removed from Nico Repo, please contact me immediately at bolillomx@icloud.com and I will take it down as soon as possible.